anybody who is ready to have each board
flashed can come over here I'm almost
ready for flashing and I'm gonna get
totally crazy about that I'm totally
sorry about these notes that I can't
control in the kit so what is fear
matter by the way if your matter is
basically a small programs that run on
on your Arduino that all that you can
communicate via your not process or
whatever process and send order to it
because usually Arduino ourselves
running programs just like you put all
the logic in it and just like if you
need to have something move add a pin
you need to configure the pin with a
certain form and then you can use it
while Kamata is allowing you to
reconfigure on the fly you're saying
just like you can decide that now I
won't set the thing that was controlling
alight now it's just like it's listening
to things rather than emitted emitting
so it's basically kind of an API for for
communicating with
[Music]
okay you're good to go
Thanks
to go
hmmm that's gonna be a tricky one
and I would recommend that you remove
this one to have more space because it's
kind of tight
timings working so we could keep it as
by terrible order magnitude yes and it
is it I've nothing to you can even
compare them just like is this thing
he's not able to run a Linux thing you
need to burn a few more on it you need
to write some things that is
transforming to add somebody codon that
runs directly onto MTU you don't have
something I evaluated as interface or
what just like you need to
and how do we know in themself I'm not
so much cheaper because I'll be more
expensive but it'll happen to see and
you have options just like 12 them for
too few bucks so applauding yes
definitely so I was saying earlier than
my instruction we're running perfectly
now and that's not true that thing I
always forget about it I will definitely
to like say and please finish to fix
your Arduino when you've done the wiring
because you're gonna see just like lots
of people gonna be just like eh oh yes I
firmly couldn't switch
so we can move to meet ends and keep
them to yourself and after you just like
just whatever things oh you need to glue
it
you know is difficult instead of stuff
they are the chest you know extra
structure is in roses and neck to
release movie different from factor and
ratings adjusted producing with the free
words easier for them just associate
will compliment
exactly he takes the cheapest one it's
just I kind of
doesn't produce 10 times more of sister
freeze in less expensive yeah that's
when you say
which is because you have mobile seems
sweet
yes
bringing your own stunts ever seen
yeah
so really these four pillars that's
always just like it was but it was
really nice
and he knows
so whether it's wire cutters are only
for humans so just different keep those
a few of the color schemes that he's
consistent and where you have just like
four meters and it's easy and waters
were very good to kill shortage we are
dealing with here so anybody bonds and
what is now a week we smell with my
furnace ancestors I never actually
managed to keep it
yeah
just like you later critter and stop to
make something like that
oh yes yes you okay yes I think actually
do have one yes
okay so just like don't hesitate
[Music]
better coverage that way
property from a catch the tree
what we're gonna know did we use for
this Oh whatever heat we'd work on
whatever version on yeah what
interesting offer
later Kapoor trip test part of the thing
because yes I didn't update just first
and report for CC say they decided to
make some seat changes it yeah everybody
is broken I wanted to use a metal party
which is something to include shall
matter to the see second pop was broken
broken that's exactly Sarah are looking
at right now they're just changing
things for the sake of changing things
and breaking everything and since they
provide means it's a combined liberal
for entirely but they move
No yes I do you know you know where the
Pied Piper is so I can take it let me
just think
Oh
so
it's gone
[Music]
so this part is only for testing and the
changesets exact way over to the world
to change librarian edges of data scene
they do it just
so you Jews are in the church
[Music]
yes
or so every check I see if you eat with
your bodies if I work right when they
switch
yes
yes you should
[Music]
I
these changes I out as we come forward
bases
yes
[Music]
using demonstrate and you can look for
text before the 19th
yeah
I guess public libraries just like
butchers
there is no
oh you don't you do not purchase
ah the question okay so you have no
merges to you need to in
okay
MVM and when the community at windows
visits a specific version
and VM is a program that you to a
different version of no and you can
switch from one to the other and it also
instead note in the tracks great state
on your computer use the regular
constellar in the place that I find
and then we can establish just like in
Easter unique in interest to just
incendiary even into the rest
and then again in terms of labor
orientated but we do there in the end
scene first because if we became
shooting the other reference
yeah
[Music]
because usually you don't care if
instead of diversion but since you're
the binary version
Oh
[Music]
ptoo ptoo control the scene I'm going to
try to find you somewhere in my
presentation mm-hmm yay so it's in the
specific branch of
[Music]
so given a new language at work entire
agency spot I should remove its
originator as I said just change and
then you do move into temperature and
you're going to have you're not cook you
don't do work sugars just like it's kind
of training exams are stuff it's it's
test paste I'm gonna ask you a challenge
when I'm going to tell you to forgive me
to pass a test
[Music]
without
what
[Music]
my quarry just cheap
yes
[Music]
yeah I knew my project
should I teach somewhere
just like contact from - essentially no
history companies certainly build some
contacts here and only one
[Music]
under the search engines of the
after name
and also now that I give you that please
if you start to do serious things
let's laser scan an internet together
again